Merging 4.1.3-dev to 4.1 for a maintenance release [4.1.3] (#825)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/release-notes/pages/index.adoc

* See also xref:_high_availability_ha_enhancements[]

* [4.1.3] Spark Connector now supports xref:4.1@tigergraph-server:data-loading:load-from-spark-dataframe.adoc#_common_options[`OAuth2` authentication], enabling seamless JWT token retrieval from third-party IdPs like Azure AD and Auth0 for improved xref:4.1@tigergraph-server:data-loading:load-from-spark-dataframe.adoc#_authentication_methods[security and token management].

> * [4.1.3] Introduced a new enhanced xref:4.1@tigergraph-server:data-loading:load-from-kafka.adoc#_configure_the_kafka_source[Kafka data source connector] for data ingestion from external Kafka clusters, replacing the `mirrormaker` data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [4.1.3] *xref:4.1@tigergraph-server:data-loading:load-from-kafka.adoc[Improved connector for loading from external Kafka source]*: New configuration details. The older connector to
xref:tigergraph-server:data-loading:load-from-kafka-mm.adoc[] is still available.
```
